[announcer] Heroes. They are the
symbols of hope and justice for mankind.
It's time for a
Hero TV Special!
Welcome, people of Stern Bild.
For you 22 million viewers out there,
the wait is over.
Let me introduce the stars
of today's broadcast!
They are the hero world's super tag-team.
Let's hear it for Tiger and Barnaby!
[cheering]
How's it goin'?
Tiger and Barnaby.
They are Barnaby Brooks Jr. The new hero
who has made a stunning debut.
And his partner, the
veteran hero, Wild Tiger!
As you may remember,
the world's very first heroic duo
leapt to fame 10 months ago
in a fierce battle with
the terrorist Jake Martinez.
By taking on and defeating
this vicious killer,
they began their rise to stardom!
-[cheering]
-[chuckling]
Let me ask,
what do you think about all this?
We're not really as cool
as you make us out to be.
I'm only stating the facts.
Right, everyone?
Mm-hmm!
[chuckling]
You can't argue with the truth.
Your exploits are history now.
Since defeating Jake, you've continued
to save us from all sorts of danger.
On top of that, you managed
to prevent Lunatic
from inflicting any further casualties.
I think it's important to point out
that in last year's annual ranking,
Tiger placed fourth,
and his partner Barnaby,
took first place and was named M.V.P.
The current season has just begun,
but you two appear to be in top shape!
Well, It's amazing that Barnaby
was able to come this far
in just one year, right, partner?
Please don't
poke me.
I'd be remiss if I didn't ask this.
Regarding Jake's accomplice...
I'm told that Kriem
still remains in a coma
and is unable to make a statement
of any kind?
It' is frustrating that
her capture wasn't helpful.
For starters, I still don't know why she
and Jake killed my parents.
I'm focusing all my energy on uncovering
the crime syndicate Ouroboros.
Barnaby is pretty impressive. Despite
everything he's gone through recently...
he's been able
to keep his focus.
Thanks, but I couldn't have achieved
any of this without your support, Tiger.
No! It was your hard
work, Bunny!
It was you, Tiger.
Really!
You deserve all
the credit.
How 'bout that, folks?
Don't these two make great partners?
[laughing awkwardly]
So tell us guys, did you, two
always get along this well?
I guess we've been like this
since the very beginning. Right, Bunny?
Yes, we seemed to have a connection,
right from the start.
[Fire Emblem]
Those lyin' little boys.
[Origami] Weren't those two always
fighting when they started out together?
[Dragon Kid] Yeah,
Barnaby kept calling Tiger an old man.
Pretty sure it wasn't a joke.
I think he did that to get back
at Tiger for calling him 'Bunny',
which he really hated.
Now he seems to have
gotten used to it.
Everything changes
over time. Huh?
[grunting]
And what seems to be bugging you,
little lady?
What are you talking about?
Nothing's bugging me--
You're just bummed out
'cause your ranking dropped, aren't you?
Why don't you speak for yourself?
I may have dropped,
but at least I'm not dead last!
Thanks for the
reminder.
Hey, tell the truth,
you miss him, right?
Come on, it's obvious! You haven't seen
Tiger 'cause he's been so busy lately...
That's why you're--
Stop it! I don't
miss that guy at all.
Anyway, he's just a friend.
Oh...
[ringing]
Is there trouble?
Not at all. I just have
an announcement.
Huh?
I already had a chat with your manager.
We came up with a great idea.
Your next recording
is gonna be a collaboration.
Collaboration?
Who am I teaming up with?
Tiger and Barnaby.
What do you think?
Huh?
You heroes are getting more popular
each and every day!
So I know it'll be a huge success!
Oh, and also, the debut of the single
will be broadcast live,
so I want you to teach
them both how to dance.
Ugh.
I'm counting
on you.
How come I have to teach them?
They're so uncoordinated.
But I guess orders
are orders...
Mm-hm.
[laughing]
Here we go...
Well, boys, I'm really looking forward
to the first Tiger and Barnaby CD!
I really don't know why, I'm
a terrible singer.
I'd rather quit being a hero than do this.
You absolutely cannot quit!
Don't ever say that to me again!
Uh, right.
You must be hungry.
I'll get you some lunch.
That was weird. He's
changed, hasn't he?
You're tellin' me.
Blue Rose! How you doin'?
Finally. Can we get this
show on the road, please?
The only reason I'm here is to teach you,
you know.
Right. Sorry about that.
But we're here now and ready to learn!
Just follow my lead and
you both should be fine.
Do you guys have
any dance experience?
Don't you worry, I have a few moves
in my repertoire...
Huh?
[imitating robot]
Uh...
Oh, wow. You suck. You're really awful.
Hey, you finally
smiled.
[gasping]
Hurry up and go get dressed.
Oh, no! My note!
It's gone!
What's the big deal?
What are you freaking out about?
You don't get it!
My boyfriend wrote that note for me!
Didn't you say it just gave directions
on where to meet him?
It's not important what it says. I wanna
keep everything from someone I like!
Maybe it's in
your bag.
Can you help us look for
my note, Karina?
Hey, are you
listening?
I wonder if this is
because I'm... in love.
-[both] What?
-Wait, you've fallen in love with someone?
I'm not exactly sure about that.
There is this guy who's on my mind a lot.
I find myself staring at
him when he's around.
Come on, it sounds like
you totally love him!
I don't know. The truth is,
I don't even know why I like him.
He doesn't seem to notice me
and he's incredibly rude.
Oh, not to mention,
he's incredibly irresponsible.
And, to top it off, he
can be incredibly goofy!
[screams]
That was my favorite towel!
Well, he sounds like
a total loser!
Well, you may be right.
But I can't get him out of my mind.
Hold on. That's not love.
Huh?
You can't keep your eyes off him
because he's such a klutz!
You're worried about what
he's gonna end up doing.
You're right. There's no way in the world
I'd fall for a guy like that.
But there is one little
thing that worries me.
What?
A lot of times, he ends up calling me
by a nickname.
Really?
Blue Rose!
How ya doin'?
I don't care much when
other co-workers use it,
but when he's around,
I want him to call me by my real name.
Doesn't that mean
I'm in love?
Yeah, that's definitely
love in my book!
-That's not love either!
-[both] Huh?
Come on, Karina. That just means
you don't like your nickname that much.
Oh yeah. I see. You must be right.
Why are you being so harsh to her, Jane?
I mean,
she's obviously in love with the guy.
Yeah, I can hear
it in her voice.
[gasping]
Then what are you doing?
You're not trying to ruin it
because you're jealous or something!
Nothing of the sort.
But I've seen her
in this kind of situation.
If she worries too much about it,
she's sure to screw it up.
They must be right.
I guess this isn't love.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight!
Da-da-da-da! You
were off by a beat.
What? I was?
You have to get it right.
It's our last practice session.
Yeah, how 'bout we
take a little break?
What are you talking about?
You need to work on this 'til you get it!
I can't have a breakthrough...
without taking a break!
[laughing]
I kill me.
What is wrong
with that man?
I have to say I've
thought the same thing.
What? You've made that
same lame joke about taking a break?
You misunderstood.
I meant that, in the past, I've wondered
what was wrong with him as well.
Oh, right.
But... after working with
him, I came to realize...
He's different. He's the kind of guy
who thinks about the needs of others
before he thinks about himself.
Like taking this break.
I'm sure he decided to do
it so we wouldn't get tired of practice.
You sure about that?
Because that's not the way I see it.
No need to worry. He'll be ready
by the time the concert begins.
Once he commits, he'll
never let you down.
You know,
you really have changed.
That was a short break.
Before I forget,
here, Blue Rose.
This is for you.
Huh? What's this?
Well, I kinda ruined your towel,
if you remember. So here.
Wait, you bought
this for me?
You sure she'll be comfortable
with that towel?
Of course she
will, right?
Huh? Well, if you're asking whether or not
I like the thing, I kinda don't...
Oh, uh...
But I don't have another towel,
so I'll use it.
I don't really have a choice.
That's the spirit.
I am sorry I
wrecked your towel.
It's all right, really.
Um, I think I'll take a break!
Wait!
Hmm?
Would you happen to
be free tonight?
[gasping]
...Five, six, seven,
eight. Da-da-da-don...
All right! I finally got it!
That's great. Can I go home, now?
Sure! Thanks to you, Bunny won't be able
to make fun of me anymore.
Is that so?
Uh, are you angry about somethin'?
Ha! Your boyfriend's gonna be mad
that you were out late with an old guy!
Come on, tell me. I'm right, aren't I?
No, I don't have a boyfriend.
You don't? You mean you're
not popular with the boys?
I'm surprised, 'cause you're at an age
where I'd expect you
to have one or two boyfriends.
Come on, cheer up! I'm sure you can
find one if you try looking around!
Just relax!
It'll happen!
-Why don't you butt out?
-Huh?
I'm capable of finding a boyfriend!
Without your expert advice!
Uh, what's with her?
I didn't expect him to be such a jerk.
And I don't like
this stupid towel...
or that old
man either.
He went that way!
Come on!
[exhaling]
[crowd chatting]
[Second League heroes]
Pleased to meet you!
Hi! What's this about?
Allow me to introduce you
to the Second League Heroes
who are starting this season.
[Tiger] The Second League?
Yes. You know heroes
are becoming more popular these days...
Well, we decided to use this opportunity
and up the excitement of our show
by making it a two league format.
[Tiger] How will that work?
You and the other First Leaguers
will continue to handle
any major crimes that come up,
while the Second Leaguers--
They'll handle the
minor crimes, right?
Yes sir! Right now,
we're going after a backstage thief!
Oh yeah?
I called them to come over to help
with crowd control for your appearance.
We intend to work hard so we can
uphold the peace, just like you do, sir!
[all] Please excuse us!
Oh, wow. They didn't even look at me.
Huh?
It's because I'm the
lowest-ranked hero.
They didn't recognize you,
'cause you're not in your suit.
That's it, of course!
I was worried.
What are you doing here, anyway?
Go home.
I came to see you guys perform! Jeez...
[exhaling] That was awful close.
They almost found me.
I better get out of here.
Uh?
Ohhh.
[inhaling]
[humming]
[Blue Rose humming]
Okay!
Miss Blue Rose!
You're on very soon!
Coming!
[exhaling] I was so close to
seeing everything!
Thank you all for being so patient!
And now for our show!
Here's the Super Group B.T.B.
with their new single...
"Thank You, Summer Romance",
let's hear it for them!
[music starts]
Yeah, buddy!
Bust a move!
[giggling creepily]
Should I try it on?
[music continues]
[cheering]
Hey, what do you know about that?
I really am good at dancing!
Yeah, right.
You were still off by one beat.
Oh, thanks, Flashdance.
Just try to get it
right during the encore.
-I'm afraid we have some bad news!
-[all] Huh?
[Tiger] What happened here?
[Second Leaguer] We don't know, sir.
We just found it like this.
It's gone! My bag is gone!
This is very likely the work of
that backstage thief we've been chasing.
He likes pop stars and as a result,
he always shows up at events like this!
Yes, he may be some sort of NEXT.
And he's always getting away. He's tricky.
[Agnes] Hello, Heroes.
Go after the suspect immediately.
We'll be broadcasting it live.
-Okay, let's go, Bunny.
-Right.
What about the encore, boys?
We need to settle this matter first.
You just had your bag stolen,
in case you've forgotten.
Hey, you don't have to
worry about my bag.
[gasping]
My towel's in there.
Well, I kinda ruined your towel,
if you remember, so here.
Huh? Why am
I crying?
It's not important what it says,
I wanna keep everything
from someone I like!
I have to admit...
I really do like him.
Damn! Can't find
him anywhere.
Security's been alerted, so we'd know
if anyone suspicious passed by.
I don't understand
how he got away.
Stop that!
This is no time to be stuffing your face!
The kids from the Second League asked us
to let them handle it.
They could use the experience.
No! You have to
catch him right away!
How are we supposed to do
that
when we don't know anything about
the guy's powers? Right, Bunny?
Hmm... what do you
suppose they are?
Hmm...
What was that?
Uh...
I guess that's his power.
-[Tiger] Hold it!
-[Blue Rose] Come back here!
Are you completely nuts?
Look at what you're wearing!
Go away!
[inhaling]
What the hell?
He disappeared!
I knew it! He's a NEXT,
with the power of invisibility!
He's getting away!
Come back with my bag!
Man, she's hot! Too
bad I gotta go.
No!
I'll go after him. Bunny,
you stay here and--
"Save my powers
in case something happens"?
Is that what you were going to say?
You got it partner!
Come back here,
you thief!
Huh? Can he see me?
You got smoke comin' out
of your ass, buddy!
Damn it, why couldn't
she be chasing me instead?
Hey, I only
break for Blue Rose!
Wait a minute,
I've seen that guy.
You're the one who
filled in for Bunny before!
[gasping]
Damn!
You're the backstage
thief?
I wasn't... not
until recently!
You're a liar!
This is all your
fault, you know!
What?
On the day of that event, I discovered
backstage security was pretty light.
I couldn't help it, I
had to take a souvenir.
Oh, so it's our fault
you have sticky fingers?
Quit blaming us for
your behavior!
You'll never understand my feelings,
you get to see Blue Rose all the time!
I understand you're
a crazy stalker!
Ahhhh! Wait, a minute,
what the hell was that?
How did I run right past him?
[screaming]
You're not gettin'
away from me!
Why am I jumping so far?
What's going on?
[screams]
That was pretty scary.
What's happening to me?
Why are you all over the place?
If you're gonna mess around,
you better let me handle this.
No, you don't understand.
I'm amazing today!
For some reason, I'm stronger than usual!
Right.
I have a minute left,
I'll catch that sneaky jerk, no sweat.
Oh, wow.
Give it up, you're
not goin' anywhere!
Ah! Leave me alone!
Thank heavens!
Forgive me, my love, I got carried away!
I'll carry you away!
What?
[Tiger screams]
[suit] Powers expire in
30 seconds.
Why the glitch? I
still have time.
[Barnaby] Tiger, what
are you doing?
[Blue Rose] Come on, he's
getting away!
[sighing]
All right! I don't know how,
but it looks like I lost him.
It's my lucky day.
Huh?
Ahhh!
Where do you think you're going?
[screaming]
[screams]
Rock Bison, you did
a great job today!
Well, thank you
very much, sir.
That move was
very timely.
To tell you the truth,
we were gonna let you go
if you continued to do poorly.
Seriously?
No worries. Looks like you still have
what it takes to get the job done.
Hmmm.
What?
So what made my power run out?
Well, there you were,
being kind as always, Kotetsu.
Huh?
Acting as though your power ran out?
That was great.
What?
And it worked. Rock Bison was feeling
depressed,
and you helped him regain
his confidence.
Wait, you got
it all wrong!
Come on, admit it. You knew
exactly how to handle this one.
I'm sure you could've
easily made the arrest.
He's right. And on top of that,
you got this back for me.
Uh...
But... I hope you don't make a
habit of being unselfish.
We have to protect
our point total.
Um, Tiger?
I'm, uh... I'll treasure this forever,
all right?
[giggling]
That was weird.